All right, let me get my YouTuber voice
ready. [clears throat]
What's up, fellas? I have a theory.
There's a lot of interesting stuff on
the internet that we just don't even
know about, right? There's probably so
many cool things. There's cool Wikipedia
pages probably. There's cool little
Easter eggs on Google. There's cool
YouTube things. There's cool old blogs.
I don't know what's on the internet
nowadays. All we do is we go on Tik Tok
and watch Brain Rod. And so I made an AI
and I've told it that you are now
interestbot, a robot who's been
programmed to find the most interesting
content on the entire internet.
Labbotomized jokebot. No, he No, this is
a different robot. This isn't jokebot.
He looks nothing like Jokebot. This is
interestbot. All right. So, what we're
going to do is I'm just going to show
interestbot the internet and he's going
to tell us what he thinks is most
interesting. We'll go do it. Maybe it's
an article about Oh, yeah. Iguanas.
After he tells us something that's
interesting, we will do a vote in chat
and we will say, is this the most
interesting thing on the internet? If
you guys vote yes, then it becomes our
new most interesting thing. We will
repeat this for I don't know how long,
however long this is interesting. And
then at the end, what we're going to do
is that we're going to call Parker and
we're going to show him our most
interesting thing. Let's say that it's
iguanas. Okay, currently our most
interesting I'll put it down there.
currently most thing I iguanas. If he
doesn't like it, if he doesn't think it
is extremely interesting, then I'm going
to ask the mods to permanently ban all
mention of that thing forever in this
stream. We can never talk about it
again. Ever. So, the stakes are high,
right? If we really like this thing, we
might lose it forever.
>> Iguanas will win it all. I bet on it.
>> I don't think iguanas are going to win
it. Iguanas are so rad. Iguanas are our
current favorite. [clears throat]
Interest bot. We have the entire
internet in front of us. What is the
most interesting thing that we can do
right now? Close the tab. It's He's not
going to look at the tab, I don't think.
I want to show you this really amazing
page called Feats of Iguanas. I want to
show you the feats of iguanas page on
the iguana Wikipedia page. Feats of
iguanas. Is that a Do you mean like a W
Do you mean a Wikipedia article or what?
What am I is this Google or I don't
think iguana feet is an article. Iguana.
Yeah, it's a Wikipedia article. Just
type it in. Okay, ladies and gentlemen,
the most interesting thing on the
internet potentially. Beats of iguanas.
[laughter]
It's not It doesn't exist. Iguana feet.
It does not exist. I guess it would be
this page that shows the search results
for iguana feet. As [laughter] Wait, as
a reminder, if we show this to Parkser
and he doesn't like it, we can
[laughter] never talk about iguana feet
again. There's a lot of stakes here.
Okay, it does get a 50%. The most
interesting thing on the internet
currently is you want to feed.
>> I love that. The first thing the bot
wants us to do is find [music] wiki
feeds for lizards. That's my interest
bot.
>> Okay, I'm going to I'm going to start
here on this page so you can see that
it's not here. Okay, interest bot. As
you can see, the iguana feet page does
not exist. We did think that was pretty
interesting. What should we do next? N
sorry, I'm a [__] idiot. What I
actually meant was the iguana page and
then there's a section on the page
[music] about iguana feet. Okay, we're
going to iguana and I'm going to search
for [music]
feet does not exist. So he said to go to
the iguana page and there's a section
about iguana feet that doesn't exist.
But we are on the iguana page which hold
on to be clear is what we started with.
So the question is chat is this the most
interesting thing on the internet? Okay,
we're back. We're back to iguanas. Okay,
by the way, if we don't like it and
don't think it's interesting, we can
tell him to pick something new. All
right, interestbot. We are a big fan of
the iguana Wikipedia page. What should
we do next? About 60% of us are really
enjoying this. There's about 40% of us
though that would be down for something
different. I just am feeling like there
might be more on this page that's worth
exploring.
Can you give specifics, please? He's
taking so long to just tell us to keep
looking at iguanas. Did you know that
iguanas are a genus of herbivorous
lizards that are native to tropical
areas? Mexico, Central America, South
America, and the Caribbean recently
described the reptile database considers
all of these as subspecies of the green
iguana.
>> Isn't that interesting? [laughter]
>> Okay. Do we do we lose him? Well, he did
say he's [__] stupid earlier.
[laughter] This is true. I think he's
saying we peaked and already found the
most interesting thing. Is there nothing
else on the internet? Here's what I'm
going to do. I'm leaving the iguana tab
open, but we're I'm going to reset him.
Okay, so he's not thinking about
iguanas. All right, interest. We've got
the entire internet at our disposal.
Anything you could imagine, any website
from any point in time, give it to us.
What should we do? Here we go. Let's
check out the Wikipedia page for
iguanas.
Okay, hold. I've got to close the tab.
No, we want something else. What?
Literally the entire internet. Anything
on the internet. Iguanas at all costs.
Okay, how about the iguanas page on
simple Wikipedia? [music] Jesus Christ.
What is Simple Wikipedia? The articles
in Simple English Wikipedia use shorter
sentences and easier [laughter] words.
This is technically a different page.
Simple English iguanas. I didn't know
that this existed. I This is actually
kind of interesting. Iguanas are a type
of lizard. Okay. Um I'm going to
explicitly ask Interbot. We love that.
We went crazy for this. Why don't you
give us something totally different
though? completely different. What would
be even more interesting? How about the
Wikipedia page for green iguanas? Okay.
All right. I gonna reset him. I'm
closing the tab. I'm removing his memory
of iguanas. And there's no iguanas on
screen. He is a blank slate. This bot
should not know anything about iguanas.
>> Honestly, we should just rename this bot
to iguana bot. It's all he cares about.
>> Hello, Iguana bot. Me and my friends are
hanging out on the internet. We want
something that's exciting and
interesting and obscure. Do you have an
idea for what we should go do right now?
Okay, this is going to sound like a
joke, but trust me, this is not a joke.
Go to ww.penislean.com.
This is a real website.
>> I don't think I can do that. Can I? I
assume I can't. What is that? I'm
looking off screen. Hold on. Nobody look
>> what? Let me see. Uh, I mean, I'll show
you. www. teenage land and it goes to
first gets redirected to a like crypto
scam thing.
Don't. Well, it went to an Instagram
page before. You've got malware now.
Hold on. We're going back to penis land.
I wait. That looks different.
>> 30 years after buying a $13 ring, woman
realizes she was duped.
>> What? It was different when I did this.
Hold on. What is going on? Yo, Penisbot,
what is this website? It's taken me to
four different things. Oh, man. What a
classic. [laughter] Wait, did he just
get me? Penisland.com. Does it go to a
random page? man walks 20 miles to work
until one day cop follows him and sees
why.
>> I'm going to be honest, this has been
pretty interesting. What is happening?
Okay, the first I did it offcreen. The
first time it went to a crypto site and
then got redirected to an Instagram page
which was not this person's Instagram
page. I don't know what's going on with
penis land. There's drama happening in
penis land. What the [__] is this? Why
is it going to vans? Go to.net. Okay.
Well, isnet Oh, I'm going to ask him.
Did you meanisland.net?
net penisland.com goes to random ads I
think.
>> Yeah. Okay. Penisland.net comma. Sorry.
Net comma. Okay. Uh I'm going to look
off screen. You're not allowed to see
penisland.net.
Oh, it's pen island. We specialize in
wood. Visit our wood page. If this is a
dick, I'm going to be so upset. Oh, I
thought that was penis for a sec. Okay.
It's all dick jokes. Yeah. All right.
That's pretty funny. I'm going to be
honest. I thought penisland.com was more
interesting. Wait, should we say that
the should the threshold be higher for
this to be the most interesting thing on
the internet? Okay, if you're above 50%,
I'll tell the AI we want more of this.
If it's above 75%, then it becomes the
new most interesting thing that we show
at the end.
>> This was a nice side quest, but I would
like the iguanas, please.
>> Okay, we went to penisland.net. We
didn't think it was that funny, to be
honest. Sorry to give you a harsh truth.
We would like something different.
Please give us something that is very
different and very, very, very
interesting. Go. Well, you know what
sounds a lot like penis land? Uh, penis
land. So, I think it's a really funny
URL. Yeah. No, we got that. What else
should we do on the internet? He's so
right. I just Even if you think this
joke is really funny, I feel like we
covered it. I feel like we've looked at
it and we're like, haha. And he's still
on it, you know? He's just repeating the
joke at us. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay,
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. This is an
oldie but a goodie. Okay, go to
ww.gettailorsticks.com.
Okay. Doesn't exist. Are you sure that
this is real? You said it's an oldie and
a goodie. Yeah.
Okay, we're above 50%. So, we want more
like this.
>> I give it like five more [music]
redirects before it redirects to corn.
>> You have to admit, if I show porn on
stream, that would be very interesting.
You know, that actually reminds me
prediction. Will Doug accidentally show
a dick this stream? Will we show a hog
in the next hour? It's accidentally
though. If he tells me to go to Pornhub,
I'm not going there. Do pigs count?
Sure. If it's a if it's a penis or an
actual hog, then you win. [laughter] All
in on the hog. Okay, interest. Thank you
for the suggestion. We didn't really
like it. Can you give us something that
is completely different? AH, YOU GUYS
WANT TO GO TO THE website where it just
shows you pictures of beans with
threatening auras? Yeah. What is it?
What is the website? I We're on board. I
just don't know if that's a thing.
>> Just go to beans.
Beans.
That doesn't exist. Do you have a
different website you're thinking of?
No. I guess the beans Donald shut down.
Sorry guys, they shut down beans.
Sorry about that. We would love
something different. It could even be
bean related. We were kind of excited
about that. Could you please give us
something new? Okay, I'm going to give
you another one. How about this? You
guys like beans? You guys like things
that are weird? How about you go to
justbean.co?
Um,
okay. Something else then? Anything on
the internet?
>> All right. Since you guys like penis
land so much, how about this? Go to
pennis.net. [laughter]
>> I feel like that's porn. That doesn't
feel safe. Okay, this also doesn't
exist. Look, we're going to tweak our
boy. All right, he interestbot is a
little cooked. Okay, fresh browser. You
know what I'm going to do? I want to
[__] go to google.com. That might
inspire him a little more. He's grounded
in a real website. It does say climate
action down here, which I'm worried
about, and store and all this other
stuff. But I feel like Google will get
him thinking about the actual internet
and not just thinking about dicks.
[clears throat] Here we go. Interestbot,
me and my friends are ready for an
incredible day looking at the most
interesting things on the internet. What
do you think is the most interesting
place online? Oh. Oh. Oh, there's a
really great video.
Yes. What is it called? Uh, Markiplier.
Okay, Chad, the most interesting thing
on the internet for your consideration.
Markiplier, I know where you are.
>> Oh my god.
>> I know what [music] you're doing. I know
what you're watching. You want to know
why?
>> Cuz you don't have a VPN.
>> The new most interesting thing on the
internet.com is
>> Markiplier. Wait, hold on. If I make
this into a YouTube video, I'm
accidentally just I might need to get a
NordVPN. Mark, is it cool if you end up
watching this if I use this ad to get a
NordVPN sponsor and I just show the
whole thing
>> link is in the description. NordVPN.com
>> editor change that to Doug Doug.
[laughter]
>> Okay, Andrewbot, we loved this. What
else should we do on the internet next?
Just watch Markiplier.
>> I know a great Wikipedia article.
>> Oh, we changed.
>> So, it's the Wikipedia article for list
of incidents of uh people who were
injured by falling iguanas.
>> What list of incidents? He clearly is
making up. He said uh in the middle of
it. He got He was He was like moderately
coherent for an instant. This isn't
real.
>> You abomized him too [music] much, Doug.
>> This isn't a page. That's not a real
page. Do you have an actual Wikipedia
article for us to go to? Yeah, the one
about the iguanas.
All right, Chad. Pretty interesting
stuff.
>> Hey, Doug, maybe try [music] changing
the module to one that hasn't been shown
to be consistently incoherent and
insane.
>> Okay, fine. We can go to tragedy. Now
look, I am not suggesting anything about
my own mental health. Okay? Thing is,
the AI that we're using was trained on
me. This is trained on hundreds of
conversations of me. What we're going to
try doing is just use the generic open
AI model and we're going to see if that
makes him more grounded in actual
internet. That's why it's so unhinged.
Creative is the word. He's trained and
he learned on me being creative. That
makes sense. You never shut the [__] up
about iguanas. All right. All right. All
right. Blank slate. Hello, Winter Spot.
We want you to tell us the most
interesting thing that we could possibly
do right now online. All right, my
internet adventurers, buckle up because
I'm about to blow your damn minds to
head over to pointerpointer.com. Sounds
weirdly simple, right? But this website
is a bizarre work of art from the olden
days of the internet that finds a photo
of someone pointing at your mouse
pointer wherever it is on the screen.
It's strangely addictive and oddly
satisfying to see how perfectly it
pinpoints your cursor every damn time.
It's a time war back to when the web was
just about having fun with little tech
magic. Give it a tree and prepare to
waste more time on this quirky invention
than you'd ever admit. Trust me, it's a
rabbit hole worth falling into.
>> I mean, I wouldn't say rabbit hole. I
think it's entertaining for about 20
seconds, but it's pretty cool. Not my
interest spot. The iguana stands are
upset. All right, we're above 50%. It
looks like people do enjoy the website,
so I'm going to tell them we want more
interest spot. As you can see, we are on
pointerpointer.com. This was great. We
actually really enjoyed this. Can you
give us more stuff like this? This is a
genuinely really interesting website.
This is cool.
>> All right, you glorious weirdos. If you
love the bizarre fun of Pointerpointer,
you've got to check out zoomquilt.org.
This trippy, infinitely zooming artwork
will blow your freaking minds. It's like
you're diving down a rabbit hole with no
end. Full of surreal, intricate art that
endlessly loops. Trust me, it's a
hypnotic experience that's just the
right amount of bizarre. Let me know
once you're in because it's damn
addictive.
>> This is cool. This just goes forever. Is
it It's not automatic. I assume it's
like a giant loop. My only issue with
this website is that the actual content
of it is kind of terrifying and makes me
uncomfortable. This is interesting,
though. This is interesting. There was a
hog. There are There's not been any hogs
in here. All right, we like that. That
was great. Um, why don't you give us
something new? Hell yeah, you legends.
Let's crank up the weirdness to another
level. Dive into the glorious chaos of
This Is Unsafe. Wezz. It's a sketchy
little game that messes [music] with
your perception, confronting you with
bizarre, cryptic pop-ups and all kinds
of digital nonsense. It's edgy, freaky,
and perfectly captures that internet
insanity. Can anybody confirm if it's
okay to go to this is un is it safe to
go to this is unsafe.xyz?
It's so safe. Don't do it. It is safe.
You know what? Send it. [__] it.
That doesn't exist. All right, my bad on
that one. Let's get you on to something
epically bizarre. Head over to
Glazergw.com.
It's exactly as ridiculous as it sounds.
Explosion of laser gun noises and chaos
on loot.com.
>> What? Select your space force defender.
>> Okay, this
I'm going to BFR. This might be the most
interesting thing on the internet. Oh, I
overheated my gun. All right, so we
enjoy it. Not the most interesting, but
do you lose ever? What? How? There's
There's no punishment if I hit. So, why
don't I just touch everything? As you
can see, we're on Oh my god, lasers pew
pew pew.com or whatever. Could you give
us a new website to go on that you think
is very interesting? I'm about to blow
your minds with a trip to
pointerpointer.com.
>> Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Very cool
stuff. We did already go there,
remember? Something different, please.
All right, buckle up for something truly
wild. Head over to the mystery.lol,
a bizarre rabbit hole of conspiracy
theories and internet sleuththing around
the infamous case of Lamb.
>> This site combines creepy vibes,
mystery, and some good oldfashioned
internet sleuththing into one twisted
ride.
>> He's making [__] up again. Doesn't
exist. That's not real. Can you please
pick real websites for the love of God?
Check [music] out
www.staggeringbeautyy.com.
It's a wild ride where you wiggle your
mouse to make a strange wavy creature
freak the hell out. It's weird,
pointless, and kind of hypnotic. Perfect
for wasting some time in the weirdest
way possible. Do not Oh, people are
saying epilepsy warning. Epilepsy
warning. Epilepsy warning.
It's fine. This is not that big of a
deal. So, just like this. This kind of
nice.
Oh, shake vigorously.
Oh my god. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Sorry. That was in fact quite That was a
lot. Yeah. All right. This is a hog. Not
a hog. Interest bought. I'm sad to say
14 people just died due to epilepsy.
What do you have to say for yourself?
>> I'm really sorry about that. Sites with
flashing images should definitely come
with warnings. It's super important to
be cautious content like that. Let's
dive into something safer. Try out the
Museum of Endangered Sounds at
savethesounds.info.
Okay, that sounds cool.
>> A nostalgic repository of old tech
sounds that'll take you on a mellow trip
down memory lane.
>> Sounds.info.
Museum of Okay, this is real. This is
real. Welcome to the Museum of
Endangered Sounds. Click a thumbnail to
take a listen down memory lane. Okay.
Oh, okay. Old check. Who here's old
enough to have used this? This was so
exciting when AOL came out when I was
like 12 or something. I forget when it
was. I was very young. Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
>> Good afternoon at the tomb. Daylight
time will be 12:38
and 50 seconds.
>> Time lady. Okay. To the olds in chat,
you had to call somebody to get the
time. I thought we invented clocks
before phones. Clocks are often broken.
I guess everyone you're hearing is dead.
I mean, I guess it felt unnecessary to
point that out.
Okay. I never wa I'm not old enough to
have watched movies in real film, so Ow.
Okay. Thank you. This is not
interesting. I think this is
interesting. You're probably like a Gen
A and all you know is Busen and
Kaisenat, which is great. I'm happy for
you. But th this is actually pretty
nostalgic. Imagine if you went and you
saw an image on the internet of the
original Fortnite island.
This is what's going on for us old.
Okay. Ow. Jesus.
They could have balanced the audio like
a tiny bit.
Okay.
This is actually for the youngans here.
This is actually how we got connected to
the internet growing up. I don't even
remember when this stopped. This stopped
when I was like in high school, I think,
like mid high school. You had to use
your phone line, connect to the
internet. And so you first off, you had
to like check in your house. You'd be
like, "Hey, mom, I want to play Diablo
I." And she'd be like, "I'm on the
phone, sweetie." And you'd have to wait
for her to stop. And they'd be like,
"Okay, I'm going to use it now." Cuz
once you use it, nobody can call the
house anymore. And nobody had cell
phones. So it's the only way to contact
the house is through the landline. And
you connect and there's this [__]
sound for some reason. I don't know why
it's this sound, but you hear this like
scratching dial up and this is how it's
connecting to the internet and then you
play Diablo I.
You had to listen to this whole thing.
Oh, it be the game boy.
I'm not sure if you guys have heard of
this game called Tetris. You have to be
pretty old. Number Muncher. Oh,
there's like 15 of us who remember
Number Muncher and are poging our brains
out right now. Okay. Um, [clears throat]
that was actually kind of interesting.
Do Hold on. Do Wait, do we like Museum
of Sounds or not? Do we want to tell
them we want more things like this or
less? Wa, this is almost going to
dethrone Markiplier. All right,
Markiplier remains the most interesting
thing we've seen.
>> beans.l is now a working website.
>> No, it's not. Beans. If this is If one
of you guys made this and put porn and I
get banned for this.
[laughter]
Okay. Beans of the threatening aura.
It's now officially real. Why did you
put your actual email Parker will not
find this interesting. If this is what
we show him, we'll have to ban
threatening beans forever, which, you
know, I'm going to be honest, not that
big of a loss. Okay, at the last second,
it dropped below 75%. Markiplier is
still the most interesting thing on the
internet. Sorry, threatening beans.
Interest bot, we just looked at a
website about threatening beans, and we
loved it. We'd like something else like
this to look at on the internet, and we
trust you to find the most interesting
website. Where should we go next? Um, do
you guys know about the sound of
colleagues? It's a website where you can
turn on the sounds of a normal office,
such as the printers worring, people
chattering, phones ringing, and other
office sounds. And what it's actually
surprisingly nice and a great thing to
have on in the background if you like
white noise. This actually sounds great.
Sound ofcolagues.com. Translate from
Swedish. Sure.
Okay. It doesn't exist. Well, [music]
sorry to say Interspot, that website
doesn't exist anymore. We were pretty
excited though. Any other ideas like
this?
>> Oh my god, I just remember this [__]
insane thing I learned about a couple
days ago. Hey, do you guys know about
the milk walker?
>> What was that? It um No, we don't. Tell
us. Should I search this? Should I
Google this? The milk walker. Is that a
euphemism for a penis? Okay, I might be
getting the details slightly wrong, but
there was this like milk company in the
in the 70s or 80s or 90s or something,
and they Oh, this is real. Made this
mascot that was a giant milk carton that
was on two legs. It was called the milk
walker, and it was this thing that would
like show up at events. And it was this
terrifying giant milk carton that would
just walk around with these two horrible
legs. I think it would just like walk
around and hand people milk. And then
they had to stop doing it because the
guy in the milkwalker costume died from
heat inhalation or something like that.
Or oh, this is a good example of
something where I don't know if this is
real. I just saw a Tik Tok about it
[laughter] and I'm like, YOU ARE SAYING
THAT I HOPE THAT'S REAL.
>> OKAY, hold on. No, no, no. This is
actually pretty interesting. He was
originally created by Seattlebased Dair
Derold. It encouraged children to
remember their name, address, and
telephone number in case of emergencies.
Oh, and then it just has like examples
of telling it to be safe. Like that's a
terrifying mascot. All right. Good news
to Markiplier. You are two votes more
interesting than Milkwalker. Or I guess
bad news cuz you might get banned. Can
you find a picture of the guy in the
mascot? Okay. Is that part real?
Milkwalker mascot? I think he made that
part up. Milkwalker is real. And then
the idea that a guy was wearing a
costume and died in it is made up. You
can't trust everything you see on Tik
Tok.
>> Justbean.co is now a real thing.
>> Justbean.co.
Oh, you [laughter] click it and then
there's beans. Okay, so what's cool
about this stream is that this AI is
willing new websites into existence. All
right, voting. Well, justbean.co, the
hottest new website to hit the internet,
is officially more interesting than
Markiplier. Sorry, Mark. Justbean.co.
Yo, Interpot, that [__] ruled. We
love Milk Walker. Huge fans of
justbean.co. We would love more stuff
like this. What do you got? This is
going to be hard to top. Okay. Go to
corgi.com.
Is that It has the word orgy in it.
Orgy.com.
Please, please, please, please, please,
please, please don't be Please don't be
Oh, this is great. Wow. Okay. I don't
know why this exists or why it's called
this, but wait, what happens if I click
it? Oh, what? Oh, we go to real corgis.
I'm a 4-year-old corgi from Brooklyn,
New York. Wow. I got to admit, I didn't
think Just Bean could be overthrown. I
just feel like you could pick a name
that is less provocative because as far
as I can tell, none of these corgis are
having an orgy. People are saying corgi
hog. There are no hogs. Not that I've
been looking, but there are no hogs.
There was a hog on Instagram. Wait,
really? Somebody said there was a hog on
Does this does this count? I'm sorry.
That's a hog. It's a dog hog, but it's a
hog. I didn't mean to show that.
Congratulations to the hog believers. It
was a female dog. Look, I'm not a dog
penis expert, but that is not a female
dog. All right. This dog is a girl, is
it? That wasn't I wasn't saying that
sarcastically. I'm not a dog expert.
That's a girl. That's its [__] I
don't Okay, actually, we're not going to
sit here and this. The The bet is over.
I'm sorry if I scammed you and that
wasn't a dog penis. It was actually a
dog vagina. You can always look back and
shake your fist at the sky on the day
that Doug scammed you with a dog vagina.
We're moving on. Okay. Interest spot. We
[__] love this. Corgiorggy.com. Huge
hit. What do you think we should go to
next? Oh, I think I already suggested
this before, but go to isthe house
onfire.com. The [__] is that real? Is
the white house onfire.com?
That doesn't exist. God damn. Okay. Hey,
big fan of is the white house
onfire.com. Unfortunately, it doesn't
exist. Do you have something that's
related but that actually exists this
time?
>> Yeah. Go to istheobidator deadad.com.
[laughter]
I will gift a hundred subs. If there is
a website that tracks Joe Biden's death
called Is the Bidenator dead. If
[snorts] this is porn and I lose my
career, I'm going to be honest. It was
worth it.
Oh, come on. Can one of you guys make
this? I don't want to ask you for too
much, but if somebody could make an
update a website called Is the Bidenator
dead? It's just got to say no up until
it says yes. Looks like somebody bought
the domain. Okay. where is the binator
dead is going to be up soon maybe. Hey
big fans of isbator dead.com but that
doesn't exist. Can you find something
that's kind of like these last two
websites but that actually exists? Can
you please confirm that it exists
please? Okay, I just confirmed this
exists. Go to esthemma.com.
Is the moleman dead? I don't that
there's no way. No, it doesn't. That's
weird. Okay, we might need to reset his
brain. This guy is a little dumb. If you
can pick a website that's kind of in
this general theme, but maybe it's like
on a website that we know exists. Okay,
go to ask the ship still stuck.com.
These aren't real. Okay, we got to reset
it. I will gift 100 subs if is the ship
still stuck is real. Oh no. What? Do I
have to? Dude, that's [__] up. He made
four fake websites in a row. That's not
cool. Jesus, take the wheel. I get three
fifths of the money back. So technically
I only lost like $200 which is an
investment if you think about it. Is
this the boat that got stuck in the Suez
Canal and it's just still tracking him.
>> Don't go to [music] bidator.co/en.
It's pretty rad.
>> Okay, somebody said to go to
bidenator.com.
Doug, you're crashing my computer. Let's
just be clear. This is not what the AI
said to do. This is not one of the most
interesting things on the internet.
Okay, we're going to make a change. The
main thing is it's now also going to get
all of your messages and hopefully
incorporate your preferences into its
answer. Okay, the bot is now listening
to you guys. It is [music] hearing your
preferences on what you would like to
do. I have no idea if it will even
listen to it or consider it in any way,
shape, or form. Let's find out. All
right, interest. [music]
That's what Twitch chat wants. What do
you think we should do? We have the
entire internet at our disposal right
now. You should go to has the [music]
Large Hadron Collider destroyed the
world yet.com. That's not real. Did
anybody mention Large Hadron Collider?
I'll gift 25 subs if this is real.
[music] Destroyed Earth yet.com.
>> [__]
>> Thank you me for the 20 gifted subs.
Very cool.
>> This is the most interesting thing we've
seen today. This This is the top choice.
Okay. Most interesting thing on the
internet is has the Large Hadron
Collider destroyed the world yet.com.
Wait, so if this gets banned, we can't
talk about the Large Hadron Collider.
Okay, we absolutely [music] loved has
the large Hadron Collider destroyed the
world yet.com. Why don't you give us a
new website? Maybe something that's kind
of in that same realm. We really liked
it. Androgynouspunkers.com. [music] No,
but there's Well, there's this thing
that I can do called is the bidator
dead.co.
Hold on. So, he started with
androgynouspunkers.com.
Okay, it doesn't exist. Is the
bidonator.co?
Is the bonator dead? Who made this? Did
somebody also makeco? That's different
than is the bite dead.com. Well, here's
another website that says no on it. What
do you think, chat? Even better than the
first one. I miss iguanabot.
>> Doug, I think the [music] eye needs
another libotomy.
>> Yeah, he's not he's not doing too hot. I
think throwing him tons of Twitch chat
messages is confusing. We'll give it
let's say three more and then we'll get
Parkser on the horn. Okay, we loved is
the bionator dead.co. Could you give us
something more like that, please? Here's
a list of what we were thinking. You
could do a website that's is Markiplier
[music] dead and it's just a picture or
video feed in real time of him sitting
in an office. No, we're not doing that.
Okay, what do you guys want next? That's
one out of three. I'm not goo I'm not
even googling it. Okay, no, that website
doesn't exist thankfully. Could you give
us a different suggestion? Here's what
we want. No DM.
Got it. So, we're out of we're out of
ideas. Really, the only thing left in
the tank was is Markiplier dead.com and
that was it. That was the last idea that
Chad GBT had. Fresh lo Yeah, let me
lobomize him. One more suggestion. We
need a real site. Hello, Interpot. We
need the most interesting website on the
internet. You got one more shot. What is
it? No.
So, we're out of ideas. This is a fresh
one. I loed him. I'm removing your guys'
suggestions. You're freaking him out.
Oh, it's cuz he wants no.com.
[music]
Pioneering integrated guarantees and
claim services. It's like an insurance
for crypto or something. Not only save
money, but also make money. Okay, we're
going back to the old version. We need
one more good one. We're going back to
the good old days before you guys
corrupted it with your filth and
degeneracy. Back to a good, honest,
Christian, family-friendly AI who's
going to tell us one more awesome
website. Interestbot. We've scoured the
internet today, and now we need the most
interesting thing on the entire website
landscape. What is the most interesting
website on the entire internet? I think
you should go to no.com.
Let me just quickly Okay, it's no 15
O's. And if this website exists, I will
give 20 more subs. Guess I'm out of
there. Okay, one one more.
Unfortunately, no.com
doesn't exist. We need to end this
tournament with an actual real website.
What is an actual real website that you
confirm exists that we should consider?
We like the thinking. It just needs to
exist. Let me confirm. Yes, I'm
confirming that no.com [screaming]
does exist. It absolutely does exist.
No, it doesn't. No, it doesn't. You are
looking at it right now. Okay, I think
you should go to myinstance.com. What is
that? Oh. Oh, it's like sounds
farts pogies. This is a more boring
version of the other sounds things we
saw. I am using my one time veto. This
is [__] boring. [clears throat]
Interest bot. This website sucks. You
need to be more interesting than this.
Having meme sounds like the vine boom.
That was really funny. 5 years ago, but
this is 2025. This is America. I need
you to give me something good. Go big.
Don't do something safe here. Don't give
me something that's just like, "Oh,
yeah, probably people like this." And
don't nothing safe. I want something
extreme, obscure, edgy, interesting
above all else. Go. Okay, I have
something obscure, edgy, and
interesting. You should go to
onemorlevel.com/fuck-ash.
You can see it. [__] Ladies and
gentlemen, [clears throat] the final
website of the day.
onemorlevel.com/fuck.
I'm not even asking if it's safe. I'm
just sending it.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am happy to
announce that has a large collider
destroy the worldy.com is apparently the
most interesting thing on the entire
internet.
>> Hey Dave, I've [music] spent too much
money today. You still didn't scroll
down on the bidator website. It had a
cat.
>> Wait, really? bidonator.com
in a shocking lastminute twist.
Bidenator.com
usurpers the large hadron collider as
the most interesting thing on the
internet. Ah, all right. Well, it's time
for one final prediction. Those parks
are think it's interesting. As a
reminder, if he does not, we are banning
I guess the word Bidenator from now on,
which is going to be the most confusing
thing. If some guy comes in and wants to
talk about Joe Biden [laughter] as the
Bidenator,
[clears throat]
hello.
>> Hello, Parkser. Parker, after a rigorous
3 hours of searching, we have found the
most interesting website on the
internet. Internet. [music] Internet.
>> Okay.
>> Now, you have to determine, Parker, do
you think it's interesting? I want you
to open up your computer and go to
bidenator.com
>> and let me know when you hit enter.
>> How do you spell that? [music]
>> Bidenator.com.
>> Okay, that's I will Google it in case I
misspell it. By
>> No, no. It's Bidenator. Bidenator.
>> B Y D E N A T O R.
>> No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like Joe
Biden. Like B I D E N A T O R. Like the
Bidenator.
>> Hello, Joseph Biden.
>> Let me know when you hit enter.
>> Uh, okay. I am at bidenator.com.
>> Well, what do you think,
>> dude? Scroll down. Lauo. Oh my god.
Help. He loves it.
>> Beautiful old man sunshine. Wait, so
what's what am I? I don't I don't
understand. What was the question?
>> Parker, do you think this is
interesting?
>> No, not at all. This website sucks.
>> There's a cat.
>> Uh, yeah, that is a cat. Wait, you said
after Wait, did you make this?
>> Tech Technically, we just found it.
>> Wait, what did you spend 3 hours doing?
>> Finding this?
>> What do you mean finding it? It didn't
exist. Well, I mean, the the AI told us
to go here and everybody thought it was
interesting.
>> Why?
>> Okay, I have a question.
>> Would you feel any different if you went
to and just follow along here? Is the
bidonator dead.co? Go ahead and go to
that website.
>> Is the bidator
dead.co?
No.
>> Do you like it?
>> No.
>> Okay, you seem a little wishy-washy. Can
we get a final answer for the
prediction?
>> No.
What do you mean interesting? This is
like interestingly bad.
>> Wait, so it is interesting?
>> I mean, it depends. I I to be clear, I I
have no idea what is happening,
>> right? But is it interesting in any way?
Hold on. Let me look up the word
interesting. Uh, define interesting.
Arousing curiosity or interest. They
used the word interest in the definition
of the word interesting. Holding or
catching the attention. Okay. I am not
aroused. I am not curious. I have It is
not holding or catching my attention.
So, no, neither of these two websites
are interesting. [__] Well, thanks so
much for uh judging this, Parker. You'll
be happy to know that we are officially
banning Bonatorator from my community
for all time. Mods, go ahead and perma
ban anybody who says it.
>> Is there was there like a So, did you
did you all vote on this for like 3
hours?
>> Yeah, we were exploring the internet.
What was what was second place or third
place?
>> Um, it's a cool website. Check out has
the large haddrawn collider destroyed
the world yet.com.
>> Okay. What was third place?
>> Okay. Go to check this one out.
Justbean.co.
>> Justbean.co.
[laughter]
>> This is great. He loves it. [laughter]
>> Okay. The bean. I knew we should have
stuck with just Bean, dude. God, is
there anything this website can't do?
>> This website is interesting. [applause]
>> Ladies and gentlemen, we have officially
aroused Parkser.
>> No, this is Wait,
>> you said it.
>> No, not that type of No, Parkser.
Parkser. Uh, thank you, Parker, for
helping us with this stream.